[DateTimePicker] Migrate docs (#14)
mui-org/core-plus-pickers: docs/src/pages/components/date-time-picker/date-time-picker.md

---
title: DateTimePicker React component
components: DateTimePicker
---

# Date & Time picker

> <p class="description"> Combined date & time picker. </p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p class="description">Combined date & time picker.</p>
```

> This component combines date & time pickers. It allows to select both date and time with the same control.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This component combines the date & time pickers. It allows to select both date and time with the same control.
```

> Make sure that this component is actually combined [DatePicker](/components/date-picker) and [TimePicker](/components/time-picker) so any prop of these components could be passed to the DateTimePicker as well.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that this component is the [DatePicker](/components/date-picker) and [TimePicker](/components/time-picker) 
 component combined, so any of these components' props can be passed to the DateTimePicker.
```

## Basic usage

Allows choosing date then time. There are 4 steps available (year, date, hour and minute), so tabs are required to visually distinguish date/time steps.

> {{"demo": "pages/components/date-time-picker/BasicDateTimePicker.js" }}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{"demo": "pages/components/date-time-picker/BasicDateTimePicker.js"}}
```

## Responsiveness

> The date time picker component is designed and optimized for the device it runs on.

Author: Definitely `DateTimePicker` sounds better :) thx! 
```suggestion
The `DateTimePicker` component is designed and optimized for the device it runs on.
```

> The date time picker component is designed and optimized for the device it runs on.

Reviewer 2: "date time picker" or "`DateTimePicker`"?

- The "Mobile" version works best for touch devices and small screens.
- The "Desktop" version works best for mouse devices and large screens.

By default, the `DateTimePicker` component uses a `@media (pointer: fine)` media query to determine which version to use.

> This can be customized by `desktopModeMediaQuery` prop.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This can be customized with the `desktopModeMediaQuery` prop.
```

> {{"demo": "pages/components/date-time-picker/ResponsiveDateTimePickers.js" }}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{"demo": "pages/components/date-time-picker/ResponsiveDateTimePickers.js"}}
```

## Date and Time validation

It is possible to restrict date and time selection in two ways:

> - using `minDateTime`/`maxDateTime`, its possible to restrict time selection before or after a particular moment in time

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- by using `minDateTime`/`maxDateTime` its possible to restrict time selection to before or after a particular moment in time
```

- using `minTime`/`maxTime`, you can disable selecting times before or after a certain time each day respectively

> {{"demo": "pages/components/date-time-picker/DateTimeValidation.js" }}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{"demo": "pages/components/date-time-picker/DateTimeValidation.js"}}
```

## Customization

> Here are some examples of heavily customized date & time pickers

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here are some examples of heavily customized date & time pickers:
```

> {{"demo": "pages/components/date-time-picker/CustomDateTimePicker.js" }}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{"demo": "pages/components/date-time-picker/CustomDateTimePicker.js"}}
```

---
title: DateTimePicker React component
components: DateTimePicker
---

# Date & Time picker

<p class="description">Combined date & time picker.</p>

This component combines the date & time pickers. It allows to select both date and time with the same control.

> Note that this component is the [DatePicker](/components/date-picker) and [TimePicker](/components/time-picker) 

Reviewer: leading slash, always for our docs

```suggestion
Note that this component is the [DatePicker](/components/date-picker/) and [TimePicker](/components/time-picker/) 
```
